thank you you made it we're about to
play the last new song you did it you
made it through the whole record thank
you for listening to it you love the new
zones you guys women very enthusiastic
in this section right here um well this
one I wrote a list of all the things not
to do when you're getting another
relationship I know they know the list
that's why they're excited they won't
fail in their next relationships but um
when you start dating someone things you
shouldn't do is um you know like you
shouldn't start dressing like them you
shouldn't talk about your ex-girlfriend
you should not cry probably not for at
least a month before you get to know
that um you know you shouldn't ask to
borrow money you shouldn't ask them if
you think if you can use their couch and
stay at their place for a while while
you're between places you know there's a
lot of things that you shouldn't do when
you get into relationship tell people
you don't like their episode of
reflections potentially one of the
things I wouldn't do but I take it to an
extreme and and I do a lot of really
crazy things when I started dating
people so um so I wrote this song a list
of all the things not to do in a
relationship so the next person I did it
in this one that i'm in but i'm not
going to do it in the next one i'm gonna
listen to the song
I got it okay here we go
you
don't
thanks